README.md, before:

SwissPaymentSlipPdf - Swiss Payment Slips as PDFs
=================================================

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/ravage84/SwissPaymentSlipPdf.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/ravage84/SwissPaymentSlipPdf)

Do you need to create Swiss payment slips (called ESR) as PDF files in a project of yours?
Then you found almost the right place, go to [SwissPaymentSlipFpdf](https://github.com/ravage84/SwissPaymentSlipFpdf) or [SwissPaymentSlipTcpdf](https://github.com/ravage84/SwissPaymentSlipTcpdf).

If you want to create Swiss payment slips as PDF files in your PHP code base but don't want to use neither FPDF nor TCPDF, then you can use this project.

How to use
----------

[TODO]
If you need help, ask for help.


How to extend for custom needs
------------------------------

[TODO]
If you need help, ask for help.

Installation
------------

### Requirements

- PHP 5.3.x+
- [SwissPaymentSlip](https://github.com/ravage84/SwissPaymentSlip/) (automatically installed by Composer)

### Composer

Just [install composer](http://getcomposer.org/doc/00-intro.md#system-requirements) on your system, if not already there.
Then create a [composer.json](http://getcomposer.org/doc/04-schema.md) file in your project's root folder and copy the following into it:

```JSON
{
    "require": {
        "swiss-payment-slip/swiss-payment-slipPdf": "dev-master"
    }
}
```

After that you can install the package using

    $ php composer.phar install

in your project's root folder.

### Git Submodule

[TODO]

Background Story
----------------

In february 2013 I was looking for a solution to create swiss payment slips for a project I had to do at my work place.
After a short Google search I came accros Manuel Reinhard's [blog post](http://sprain.ch/blog/downloads/class-esr-besr-einzahlungsschein-php/) about the class he made for that.
On his [Github project's page](https://github.com/sprain/class.Einzahlungsschein.php) I found [Peter Siska's](https://github.com/peschee) [pull request](https://github.com/sprain/class.Einzahlungsschein.php/pull/5).
His pull request introduced PSR-0 compatibility and he created a composer package on [Packagist](http://packagist.org/).
So I tried Peter's version and it suited my basic needs.

BUT since the customer I was working for used custom designed payment slips I couldn't use Manuel's/Peter's script since it wasn't flexible enough.
Now I had to decide whether I want to "just" change the script to fit my needs or to rewrite it and make it as flexible as possible.
I decided myself for the latter.

Todos
-----

- Finish support for red inpayment slips
- Improve code documentation
- Add more exampples/improve existing ones
- Improve tests
- Add an [.editorconfig](http://editorconfig.org/) file
- Release the stable release of the API

Submitting bugs and feature requests
------------------------------------

Bugs and feature request are tracked on [GitHub](https://github.com/ravage84/SwissPaymentSlipPdf/issues).

Author
------

This project was created by [Marc Würth](https://github.com/ravage84).
See Background Story for more details.

License
-------

SwissPaymentSlipPdf is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](https://github.com/ravage84/SwissPaymentSlipPdf/blob/master/LICENSE) file for details.

Thanks to
---------

- <http://www.smoke8.net/> for public designs of Einzahlungsscheinen
- <http://www.developers-guide.net/forums/5431,modulo10-rekursiv> for Modulo10 function
- <http://ansuz.sooke.bc.ca/software/ocrb.php> for OCRB font
- <http://blog.fruit-lab.de/fpdf-font-converter/> for FPDF font converter
- <http://www.fpdf.de/> for the pdf class

Commit message:

Update and improve the README

README.md, after:

SwissPaymentSlipPdf - Swiss Payment Slips as PDFs
=================================================

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/ravage84/SwissPaymentSlipPdf.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/ravage84/SwissPaymentSlipPdf)

Do you need to create Swiss payment slips (called ES or ESR) as PDF files in a project of yours?
Then you found almost the right place, go to [SwissPaymentSlipFpdf](https://github.com/ravage84/SwissPaymentSlipFpdf)
or [SwissPaymentSlipTcpdf](https://github.com/ravage84/SwissPaymentSlipTcpdf).

If you want to create Swiss payment slips as PDF files in your PHP code base
but want to use neither FPDF nor TCPDF, then you can use this project.

How to use
----------

[TODO]
If you need help, ask for help.

How to extend for custom needs
------------------------------

[TODO]
If you need help, ask for help.

Installation
------------

### Requirements

- PHP 5.3.x+
- [SwissPaymentSlip](https://github.com/ravage84/SwissPaymentSlip/) (automatically installed by Composer)

### Composer

Just [install composer](http://getcomposer.org/doc/00-intro.md#system-requirements) on your system, if not already there.
Then create a [composer.json](http://getcomposer.org/doc/04-schema.md) file in your project's root folder and copy the following into it:

```JSON
{
    "require": {
        "swiss-payment-slip/swiss-payment-slipPdf": "*"
    }
}
```

After that you can install the package using

    $ php composer.phar install

in your project's root folder.

Background Story
----------------

In february 2013 I was looking for a solution to create swiss payment slips for a project I had to do at my work place.
After a short Google search I came across Manuel Reinhard's
[blog post](http://sprain.ch/blog/downloads/class-esr-besr-einzahlungsschein-php/) about the class he made for that.
On his [Github project's page](https://github.com/sprain/class.Einzahlungsschein.php) I found
[Peter Siska's](https://github.com/peschee) [pull request](https://github.com/sprain/class.Einzahlungsschein.php/pull/5).
His pull request introduced PSR-0 compatibility and he created a composer package on [Packagist](http://packagist.org/).
So I tried Peter's version and it suited my basic needs.

BUT since the customer I was working for used custom designed payment slips I couldn't use Manuel's/Peter's script
since it wasn't flexible enough.
Now I had to decide whether I want to "just" change the script to fit my needs or to rewrite it and
make it as flexible as possible.
I decided myself for the latter.

TODOs
-----

- Improve code documentation
- Add examples to showcase how to use this middleware class
- Add tests
- Release the stable release of the API

Submitting bugs and feature requests
------------------------------------

Bugs and feature request are tracked on [GitHub](https://github.com/ravage84/SwissPaymentSlipPdf/issues).

Author
------

This project was created by [Marc Würth](https://github.com/ravage84).
See Background Story for more details.

License
-------

SwissPaymentSlipPdf is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](https://github.com/ravage84/SwissPaymentSlipPdf/blob/master/LICENSE) file for details.
